docs: add description on file/folder naming strategy (#8845)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/blog.mdx

> Docusaurus will extract a `YYYY-MM-DD` date from a file/folder name such as `YYYY-MM-DD-my-blog-post-title.md`.
> 
> There are a variety of patterns of file/folder structure from which Docusaurus can extract the date. For example, posts can be placed into folders named by year, and the files inside be named from the month onwards. (See "Supported date extraction patterns" below.) This flexible pattern extraction method is a powerful way to manage large numbers of posts in your folder. 

Reviewer: That looks a bit verbose to me. Maybe just this is enough?

```suggestion
Docusaurus will extract a `YYYY-MM-DD` date from many patterns such as `YYYY-MM-DD-my-blog-post-title.md` or `YYYY/MM/DD/my-blog-post-title.md`. This enables you to easily group blog posts by year, by month, or to use a flat structure.
```
